doc/Add breadcrumb info and make general edits (#23)
pyansys/pyansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/usage.rst

   .prev-next-bottom{margin-bottom: 6rem}

Next, add the following to your ``conf.py`` file:

.. code:: python

    html_static_path = ['_static']
    html_css_files = ['css/custom.css']

Use your ``custom.css`` file to override the CSS style of this theme.

Adding Breadcrumbs
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The PyAnsys Sphinx theme supports the display of breadcrumbs on

> the body of documentation pages to make navigation easier. To add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the body of documentation pages to make navigation easier. These 
breadcrumbs are disabled by default. To add
```

> breadcrumbs to the pages of your documentation, in the ``theme.conf``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
breadcrumbs to the pages of your documentation, in the ``conf.py``
```

> file, set ``html_theme_option`` to ``"show_breadcrumbs": True``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
file, add ``"show_breadcrumbs": True`` to the ``html_theme_options`` dictionary.
```

If you want to add additional 'root' breadcrumbs, such as to the 

> PyAnsys root page, you set ``html_theme_option`` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyAnsys Documentation homepage, add them to the ``html_theme_options`` dictionary as a list of tuples
```

> ``"additional_breadcrumbs": [("Link text", "href")]``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the ``"additional_breadcrumbs"`` key. The tuples are of the form ``("Link text", "url")``.
```

> You must manually add the breadcrumb that links to the module homepage when on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When on the module homepage, a breadcrumb will be displayed with the homepage title.
```

> a page within the documentation. Because there is no way to get the title of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this title is not accessible to Sphinx from other documentation pages. Therefore, the ``html_short_title``
```

> ``index.rst`` page, you must use the ``html_title`` set in the ``conf.py``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is used as the display text for the documentation homepage breadcrumb. To ensure a consistent user experience
```

> file. The problem is that this isn't necessarily the same as the title of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should ensure the ``html_short_title`` (or optionally ``html_title`` if ``html_short_title`` is not used)
```

> ``index.rst`` page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is set to the same value as the title of the ``index.rst`` page. If you want to use the version number
in the ``index.rst`` title, use ``|version|`` to include the package version number. 
```
